Redesign Help and Support page (#2904)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/help-and-support.md

---
title: "Help and support on getting into teaching"
heading: "Get help and support"
image: "media/images/content/hero-images/0025.jpg"
title_paragraph: We're here to answer your questions and provide advice about getting into teaching, whether you're just thinking about teaching or you're ready to apply.
description: |-

>   Get help and support on getting into teaching by talking to a dedicated adviser, going to a teacher training event, or registering for relevant email updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Get help and support on getting into teaching by talking to a dedicated adviser, going to a teacher training event, or registering for tailored emails.
```
or 'personalised guidance by email'?

I think 'relevant' is superfluous - who would register for irrelevant emails? Plus updates is vague and confusing?

@EllieNodder
